miedoso > miedo
miedosa > miedo
pavor > miedo
temor > miedo
espanto > miedo
espantado > miedo
espantada > miedo
terror > miedo
aterrado > miedo
aterrada > miedo
horror > miedo
panico > miedo
cague > miedo
recelo > miedo
aprension > miedo
desconfianza > miedo
desconfiada > miedo
desconfiado > miedo
susto > miedo
asustado > miedo
asustada > miedo
asombro > miedo
asombrado > miedo
asombrada > miedo
sobresalto > miedo
sobresaltado > miedo
sobresaltada > miedo
cobardia > miedo
pusilanimidad > miedo
preocupado > preocupacion
preocupada > preocupacion
inquietud > preocupacion
inquieto > preocupacion
inquieta > preocupacion
intranquilidad > preocupacion
intranquilo > preocupacion
intranquila > preocupacion
desazon > preocupacion
ansiedad > preocupacion
ansioso > preocupacion
ansiosa > preocupacion
nerviosismo > preocupacion
nervioso > preocupacion
nerviosa > preocupacion
zozobra > preocupacion
cuidado > preocupacion
prevencion > preocupacion
prevision > preocupacion
aprehension > preocupacion
desvelo > preocupacion
interes > preocupacion
problema > preocupacion
dificultad > preocupacion
inconveniente > preocupacion
enojo > ira
enfado > ira
enfadado > ira
enfadada > ira
rabia > ira
enrabiado > ira
enrabiada > ira
irritacion > ira
irritado > ira
irritada > ira
disgusto > ira
disgustado > ira
disgustada > ira
molestia > ira
molestado > ira
molestada > ira
bronca > ira
indignacion > ira
indignado > ira
indignada > ira
colera > ira
coraje > ira
furor > ira
furioso > ira
furiosa > ira
vesania > ira
ferocidad > ira
venganza > ira
castigo > ira
castigado > ira
castigada > ira
desquite > ira
antipatia > odio
hostilidad > odio
hostil > odio
inquina > odio
desprecio > odio
despeciado > odio
despreciada > odio
rechazo > odio
rechazado > odio
rechazado > odio
aborrecimiento > odio
aborrecido > odio
aborrecida > odio
malquerencia > odio
discordia > odio
desavenencia > odio
antagonismo > odio
furia > odio
encono > odio
aversion > odio
animadversion > odio
repugnancia > odio
asco > odio
repulsion > odio
repudio > odio
resentimiento > odio
sana > odio
maldad > odio
animosidad > envidia
rencor > envidia
tirria > envidia
pelusa > envidia
dentera > envidia
celos > envidia
celoso > envidia
celosa > envidia
codicia > envidia
codiciado > envidia
codiciada > envidia
triste > tristeza
pena > tristeza
apenado > tristeza
apenada > tristeza
afliccion > tristeza
pesadumbre > tristeza
melancolia > tristeza
melancolico > tristeza
melancolica > tristeza
infelicidad > tristeza
infeliz > tristeza
amargor > tristeza
amargado > tristeza
amargada > tristeza
pesar > tristeza
desaliento > tristeza
desalentado > tristeza
desalentada > tristeza
desanimo > tristeza
desanimado > tristeza
desanimada > tristeza
infortunio > tristeza
desgracia > tristeza
desgraciado > tristeza
desgraciada > tristeza
desconsuelo > tristeza
desconsolado > tristeza
desconsolada > tristeza
sinsabor > tristeza
trance > tristeza
depresion > tristeza
depresivo > tristeza
depresiva > tristeza
angustia > tristeza
angustiado > tristeza
angustiada > tristeza
desasosiego > tristeza
tribulacion > tristeza
tormento > tristeza
atormentado > tristeza
atormentada > tristeza
desesperacion > tristeza
desesperado > tristeza
desesperada > tristeza
perturbacion > tristeza
perturbado > tristeza
perturbada > tristeza
consternacion > tristeza
consternado > tristeza
consternada > tristeza
agitacion > tristeza
agitado > tristeza
agitada > tristeza
dolor > tristeza
adolorido > tristeza
adolorida > tristeza
sufrimiento > tristeza
sufrir > tristeza
tortura > tristeza
torturado > tristeza
torturada > tristeza
soledad > tristeza
desolacion > tristeza
desolado > tristeza
desolada > tristeza
paciencia > resignacion
paciente > resignacion
tolerancia > resignacion
tolerante > resignacion
aguante > resignacion
estoicismo > resignacion
aceptacion > resignaicion
conformidad > resignacion
conforme > resignacion
acatamiento > resignacion
sometimiento > resignacion
sumision > resignacion
sumiso > resignacion
sumisa > resignacion
renuncia > resignacion
desistencia > resignacion
dimision > resignacion
compungido > culpa
compungida > culpa
responsabilidad > culpa
responsable >culpa
debilidad > culpa
debil > culpa
falta > culpa
desliz > culpa
error > culpa
yerro > culpa
infraccion > culpa
fallo > culpa
delito > culpa
pecado > culpa
carga de conciencia > culpa
avergonzado > verguenza
avergonzada > verguenza
bochorno > verguenza
abochornado > verguenza
abochornada > verguenza
sonrojo > verguenza
sonrojado > verguenza
sonrojada > verguenza
sofoco > verguenza
sofocado > verguenza
sofocada > verguenza
rubor > verguenza
ruborizado > verguenza
ruborizada > verguenza
turbacion > verguenza
corrimiento > verguenza
timidez > verguenza
timido > verguenza
timida > verguenza
pudor > verguenza
retraimiento > verguenza
retraido > verguenza
retraida > verguenza
apocamiento > verguenza
apocado > verguenza
apocada > verguenza
escrupulo > verguenza
poquedad > verguenza
apocado > verguenza
apocada > verguenza
cortedad > verguenza
encogimiento > verguenza
encogido > verguenza
encogida > verguenza
corte > verguenza
recato > verguenza
recatado > verguenza
recatada > verguenza
decoro > verguenza
decencia > verguenza
confiando > confianza
confiada > confianza
seguridad > confianza
seguro > confianza
segura > confianza
conviccion > confianza
certeza > confianza
presuncion > confianza
engreimiento > confianza
jactancia > confianza
pedanteria > confianza
fanfarroneria > confianza
aliento > confianza
alentado > confianza
alentada > confianza
vigor > confianza
vigoroso > confianza
vigorosa > confianza
empuje > confianza
familiaridad > confianza
amistad > confianza
libertad > confianza
naturalidad > confianza
franqueza > confianza
llaneza > confianza
expectativa > esperanza
anhelo > esperanza
fe > esperanza
creencia > esperanza
ilusion > esperanza
ilusionado > esperanza
ilusionada > esperanza
optimismo > esperanza
certidumbre > esperanza
posibilidad > esperanza
perspectiva > esperanza
conmiseracion > compasion
miseracion > compasion
piedad > compasion
misericordia > compasion
amado > amor
amada > amor
afecto > amor
adoracion > amor
aprecio > amor
apreciado > amor
apreciada > amor
estima > amor 
estimado > amor
estimada > amor
carino > amor
querer > amor
querido > amor
querida > amor
enamoramiento > amor
enamorado > amor
enamorada > amor
pasion > amor
apasionado > amor
apasionada > amor
apego > amor
apegado > amor
apegada > amor
idolatria > amor
idolatrado > amor
idolatrada > amor
sentimiento > amor
afeccion > amor
veneracion > amor
venerado > amor
venerada > amor
atraccion > amor
atraido > amor
atraido > amor
deseo > amor
deseado > amor
deseada > amor
preferencia > amor
preferido > amor
preferida > amor
predileccion > amor
propension > amor
apreciacion > amor
apreciado > amor
apreciada > amor
simpatia > amor
simpatico > amor
simpatica > amor
calor > amor
favor > amor
bienquerencia > amor
dedicacion > amor
dedicado > amor
dedicada > amor
esmero > amor
ganas > amor
atencion > amor
adorado > amor
adorada > amor
querido > amor
querida > amor
agradecimiento > gratitud
agradecido > gratitud
agradecida > gratitud
reconocimiento > gratitud
correspondencia > gratitud
correspondido > gratitud
correspondida > gratitud
alegre > alegria
feliz > alegria
felicidad > alegria
contento > alegria
contenta > alegria
gozo > alegria
gozoso > alegria
gozosa > alegria
dicha > alegria
dichoso > alegria
dichosa > alegria
regocijo > alegria
regocijado > alegria
regocijada > alegria
jubilo > alegria
gusto > alegria
gustoso > alegria
gustosa > alegria
ventura > alegria
placer > alegria
agrado > alegria
agradado > alegria
agradada > alegria
alborozo > alegria
fervor > alegria
bienestar > alegria
contentamiento > alegria
euforia > alegria
fiesta > alegria
diversion > alegria
esparcimiento > alegria
entretenimiento > alegria
entretenido > alegria
entretenida > alegria
entusiasmado > entusiasmo
entusiasmada > entusiasmo
ardor > entusiasmo
emocion > entusiasmo
emocionado > entusiasmo
emocionada > entusiasmo
animo > entusiasmo
animado > entusiasmo
animada > entusiasmo
exaltacion > entusiasmo
exaltado > entusiasmo
exaltada > entusiasmo
frenesi > entusiasmo
enardecimiento > entusiasmo
vehemencia > entusiasmo
impetu > entusiasmo
viveza > entusiasmo
vitalidad > entusiasmo
intensidad > entusiasmo
excitacion > entusiasmo
devocion > entusiasmo
inclinacion > entusiasmo
aficion > entusiasmo
gana > entusiasmo
motivacion > entusiasmo
motivado > entusiasmo
motivada > entusiasmo
empeno > entusiasmo
empenoso > entusiasmo
empenosa > entusiasmo
voluntad > entusiasmo
dignidad > autoestima
digno > autoestima
digna > autoestima
pundonor > autoestima
honra > orgullo
honrado > orgullo
honrada > orgullo
honor > orgullo
honorable > orgullo
satisfaccion > orgullo
satisfecho > orgullo
satisfecha > orgullo